Create datahub-11-0-596-Dremio-security-fix.md (#3245)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/analytics/datahub-11-0-596-Dremio-security-fix.md

---
date: 2025-04-22
title: Dremio upgrade with security fix
product_area: Analytics
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-A8vMaVaTg
    label: DataHub
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-H-tuq-8Es
    label: datahub
ticket: CDH-5350
version: 11.0.596
---

> Dremio has been upgraded to address a recent security vulnerability in the Dremio software used as part of Cumulocity DataHub:

Author: ```suggestion
Dremio has been upgraded to address recent security vulnerabilities in the Dremio software used as part of Cumulocity DataHub:
```

> - CVE-2025-2298

Author: ```suggestion
- CVE-2025-2298
- CVE-2025-30065
```

---
date: 2025-04-22
title: Dremio upgrade with security fix
product_area: Analytics
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-A8vMaVaTg
    label: DataHub
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-H-tuq-8Es
    label: datahub
ticket: CDH-5350
version: 11.0.596
---

> Dremio has been upgraded to address the following security vulnerabilities:

Author: ```suggestion
Dremio has been upgraded to address recent security vulnerabilities in the Dremio software used as part of Cumulocity DataHub:
```

> Dremio has been upgraded to address recent security vulnerabilities in the Dremio software used as part of Cumulocity DataHub:

Author: ```suggestion
Dremio has been upgraded to address a recent security vulnerability in the Dremio software used as part of Cumulocity DataHub:
```

- CVE-2025-2298

> - CVE-2025-30065

Author: ```suggestion
```
